docs: rework md book (#215)
quay/claircore: docs/reference/version_filter.md

# VersionFilter

> A VersionFilter is an additional interface a Matcher may implement.
> If implemented LibVuln will attempt to use the database and the normalized version field of a package
> to filter vulnerabilities at the database. 
> This is an optimization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
VersionFilter is an additional interface a Matcher may implement.
If implemented, LibVuln will attempt to use the database and the normalized version field of a package
to filter vulnerabilities in the database. 
This is an opt-in optimization for when a package manager's version scheme can be normalized into a claircore.Version. 
```
